♪ The Doc is in
And she'll fix you up ♪
♪ If you're a toy
Then you're in luck ♪
♪ It's okay
Don't be afraid ♪
♪ The Doc really
Knows her stuff ♪
♪ Do, do, do you know
What's good for you? ♪
♪ The Doc is gonna
Help you feel better ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh
It's the place to go ♪
♪ When you feel
A little under the weather ♪
♪ Let Doc McStuffins
Do her thing ♪
♪ To get you right back
In the swing ♪
♪ Doc McStuffins
Doc McStuffins ♪
♪ Come, let the visit begin
The Doc is in ♪
♪ Doc McStuffins
Doc McStuffins ♪
♪ Come, let the visit begin ♪
The Doc is in!
[laughs]
[Doc reading]
Okay, campers.
Who loves
the great outdoors?
I do!
Me, too!
We need a good place
to camp for the night.
What about right here?
Good eye, Doc.
I'll put up the tent.
[grunting]
Whoa!
[laughs]
Um, need any help, Dad?
Nope. Got it.
I think.
But, Doc, maybe you can
gather some sticks
to start the campfire.
Okay.
You know the drill:
stay where
I can see you,
don't touch anything
creepy or crawly,
call me
if you need help.
You got it!
Well, this looks--
[groans]
Um, Dad?
Call me
if you need any help.
[Dad chuckles]
Here, Doc.
Take Robot Ray
with you.
If you get
in trouble...
[both] Robot Ray
will save the day!
Thanks, Donny.
I'll take
good care of him.
[clatter]
[Dad] Uh, Donny?
[chuckles]
I need a little help
after all.
Oh, Dad.
Donny to the rescue!
-Hi, there!
-Hiya, Doc!
Okay, toys, who's ready
to help me find sticks
for the campfire?
Sounds good!
Me, me!
I'm ready for anything
in the woods.
I'm wearing
my brand-new scarf
just for this occasion!
Ooh! It's perfect
on you, Lambie!
It's a well-known fact
that dragons love the woods!
[sniffs]
Ahh! The fresh air.
The trees.
The spiders.
Aah! Spider!
No one told me the woods
would have spiders!
Spiders, worms,
and all kinds of animals.
[gasps] Animals?
You mean, wild beasts?
Do not fear.
Robot Ray
will scare away
any wild beasts.
[alarm blares]
Halt!
Who goes there?
Um, excuse me?
Mmm. My apologies,
wooly friend.
Aah!
Apology accepted.
How about a cuddle?
Commencing hug sequence.
-Ahh.
-Mmm.
Robot Ray, thanks
for looking after us,
but we're
on a camping trip.
Just enjoy it!
♪ Hey, hey, camping's great
We just love the outdoors ♪
♪ Skipping stones on a lake
Marshmallow s'more, s'mores ♪
♪ In the wild round the fire
Telling ghost stories ♪
♪ And counting fireflies ♪
♪ We'll sleep
Under the stars ♪
♪ Who's got the guitar? ♪
♪ We're singing songs
Arm in arm ♪
♪ Camping makes me smile ♪
♪ Hey, hey, camping's great!
We just love the outdoors ♪
♪ Skipping stones on a lake
Marshmallow s'more, s'mores ♪
♪ Hear the breeze in the trees ♪
♪ Isn't it great to be
Out here in the wild? ♪
♪ Camping makes me smile ♪
Come on!
Let's get those sticks.
It's gonna be
dinnertime soon!
[chirping]
Aah! Mayday, mayday!
[all] Robot Ray!
Uh-oh. Danger.
Mayday again!
I got him! I got him!
[grunts]
I... Ooh! Don't got him.
Sorry, buddy.
[Doc] Oh, no.
Are you okay?
Hmm. Good question, Doc.
[beeping]
Commencing systems check.
[revving]
Affirmative!
Robot Ray
seems to be working.
Something is wrong.
Malfunction!
Oh, no.
What do we do, Doc?
Hmm.
I've seen this before.
Robot Ray's
sticky launcher
is broken.
He must have
sticky-launcher-itis!
Can you fix it, Doc?
Can she fix it?
She's the great
Doc McStuffins.
Of course she can fix it!
Right, Doc?
Actually, I can't
fix it right now.
We're in the middle
of the woods,
and the paste I need
to fix Ray's arm
is back in the clinic.
I'm sorry, Robot Ray.
Oh, poor Robot Ray!
[sighs]
I'll never rescue again!
No, no. I just can't
fix him right now.
See, I may not have
my doctor's bag,
but I do have
my first-aid kit!
Oh, well,
why didn't you say so?
So what's
a first-aid kit again?
Well, when someone's hurt
and can't get
to a hospital quickly,
we use first-aid
to make them feel better.
That's why I always take
a first-aid kit with me
when we go away.
Wait a second, Doc.
You're saying a doctor
can help a boo-boo
with just this
little bitty kit?
Yup!
And not just doctors.
Anyone who learns how
can use first-aid.
Hmm. What's in it?
Oh, I see! Huh.
It's got, uh,
bandages, tweezers--
ooh, and cottony wrap.
That's right!
And we can use the stuff
we find around us, too.
Please begin
first-aid sequence.
Robot Ray is feeling,
uh... strange.
Don't worry, Ray.
I think you might
just be a bit nervous.
The first part of first-aid
is calming your patient.
Try to think of something
that makes you happy.
It'll take your mind
off your arm.
Well, rescuing
makes me happy.
[barking]
Aah, aah, aah!
Stay away from my friend,
fur-beast!
[cheering]
Wow! That was
a happy thought!
See that?
You're starting
to calm down.
Now, Stuffy,
I need you
to find a stick
about as long
as Ray's arm.
On it!
[panting]
Huh?
One sec.
[groaning]
Okay. Two secs.
Coming right up.
What?
Oh. Thank you.
Here I come!
And I found
the perfect stick!
Ahem!
What? Oh, and by I,
uh, I mean--
[chuckles]
I couldn't have done it
without Lambie.
Great work,
you guys.
Now I need you
to hold it up
against Ray's arm.
Sure!
What's it for, Doc?
We're making something
called a splint.
It'll hold Ray's arm still
till we get him
back to the clinic.
Now who's got
the first-aid kit?
I have it, Doc!
Thanks, Lambie.
There should be some
white bandages in there.
Can you find them
for me?
Oh, here they are!
Mmm. Soft, like me.
Now, Ray,
Stuffy and I are gonna
hold the splint
while Lambie
wraps this bandage
around your arm.
Tell us if it's
too tight, okay?
Affirmative.
Here we go!
Okay, Robot Ray.
Your splint
is secure.
How does it feel?
Not too tight.
It fits just right!
That's what
I like to hear!
Malfunction.
Arm is heavy!
Can't lift it up.
Oh. I know
what Ray needs.
Lambie,
can I borrow
your scarf?
Yeah. Um, Doc?
Is this really
the best time
for a fashion show?
[chuckles] No.
I need it
for Robot Ray.
Oh. [laughs] Well,
anything to help a friend!
This is a sling.
It'll hold Ray's
arm up
so he doesn't have
to do it himself.
Try it out, Ray.
Success! My arm is secure.
And tomorrow
when we're at my clinic,
I'll fix you for good.
[Donny] Doc!
Hey, Doc!
[Doc gasps]
Here comes Donny.
Toys, go stuffed!
Dad finally
set up the tent!
Now he's ready
to start the campfire.
Um, Donny,
I have some bad news.
Robot Ray got birdnapped
by a bluebird!
He fell out of a tree
and broke his arm.
What?
Poor Robot Ray!
I fixed him as best
I could for now,
but I'll paste his arm
when we get home.
I'm sorry Ray got hurt.
It's okay.
I know you can fix him!
Doc, Donny!
I'm gonna cook dinner,
then we'll roast
marshmallows!
Marshmallows?
Awesome!
We're bringing
the sticks!
Doc, are you sure my arm
will be all better someday?
[robot voice]
Affirmative!
[toys laughing]
Now let's go.
[Doc] Almost done,
Robot Ray!
Just hold still
for one minute longer.
I will be still
as a moon rock.
Oh, you poor
little dear!
I'm pleased as a junebug
you're home with us,
but I'm really glad
Doc had a first-aid
kit with her.
And that's why
everyone should keep
a first-aid kit handy.
Even lambs!
And dragons!
Right, Doc?
Right! Okay, Ray.
The paste is dry.
Go ahead
and test out your arm.
Here goes.
I hope this works.
It's-- It's all better!
♪ I feel better
So much better ♪
♪ Thank you, Doc, for taking
All the ouches away ♪
♪ Didn't feel so good ♪
♪ Till you fixed me
Like I knew that you would ♪
♪ And I feel better
So much better now ♪
Robot Ray
can save the day again!
Aw, nobody needs
any rescuing here.
[chirping]
Caution! Another
flying blue beast!
Oh, no, Ray,
that's just a cute
little birdie!
Rescue sequence go!
Uh-oh. Aah!
Whoa!
You saved Stuffy!
You're our hero!
It was nothing.
Doc McStuffins,
you're the real hero!
Aww!
[laughing]
[Doc reading]
Hi, Doc!
Hello, there!
Hello, there.
Hiya!
Hi, guys!
Well, you seem happier
than a hippo
in a hoop skirt.
Let me tell you,
that's pretty happy.
I had a great day!
My mom
took Donny and me
to the aquarium.
It was so cool.
Ah. The aquarium, huh?
My old stomping grounds.
What did you see?
Jellyfish and-- and sharks,
and the prettiest
purple starfish.
I remember
that starfish.
She was a looker!
I miss the old 'hood.
Course,
I'm glad I'm here.
I still remember
when you got me, Doc.
I was sitting right by
the cash register
in the gift shop.
The gift shop!
I totally forgot.
Mom got me
a new toy.
Ooh!
Great news!
A new toy?
So where is
the latest and greatest?
I left her
in the kitchen.
Wait. What kind
of toy is it?
A whale!
Be right back.
Oh! How exciting!
I don't think
I've had the pleasure
of meeting a whale before.
Ahem. As a crab,
I know a thing or two
about water animals,
and let me tell you,
whales
are wicked big!
Hope we have
enough room,
or I'll have
to live outside.
And when it gets hot,
I'll melt!
This new toy
is the worst thing
that's ever
happened to me.
Oh, Chilly.
You can't melt.
You're a stuffed animal,
remember?
Ooh. Now that you
say it, I do.
Sounds like this whale
is gonna be even bigger
than Bronty
the Brontosaurus.
I'd better get ready
for its new toy checkup.
[Doc] Here we come!
I hope they fit
in the front door.
Everyone, close your eyes.
No peeking!
Who's peeking?
Oh. Me.
That would be me.
Yeah. [chuckles]
I'll stop now. Watch.
Okay. You can
open your eyes now.
Everyone, this is
Lula the beluga whale!
Where is she?
She's so big
she couldn't fit
in the door, right?
[grunts] Hello?
I don't see her.
Hi. [giggles]
That's Lula?
She's so small.
Ow! I mean cute!
So cute!
Welcome to Doc's clinic.
We're always excited
to meet a new toy.
I'm excited to be here.
This place
is really cool.
Thanks. We like it.
A whale
smaller than I am?
Wait till the wind-up toys
at the aquarium
hear about this!
I know.
You were expecting me
to be bigger.
Whales aren't
supposed to be so small.
Toys come in all
shapes and sizes.
Yeah. I mean,
we didn't think you
were going to be big!
[Hallie] I got the biggest
blood pressure cuff
and tongue depressor
I could find,
so we can give
our new friend...
a whale of a checkup.
Okay.
We thought you might be
a little bigger.
I have never seen
such a small whale.
Ugh. I know. I'm tiny.
I don't like it,
but I won't be small
for long.
I'm gonna grow
so big someday.
I can't wait!
Oh, I hate
to break it to you,
but toys don't grow.
I don't know
about other toys,
but I'm going to grow
at least five times
the size I am now.
Doc,
you'd better tell her.
Actually,
Lula's right.
She is gonna grow.
Next thing you know,
you're gonna tell me
I'm not made of snow.
[laughs]
Oh, Chilly.
Look, Lula is
a special kind of toy.
She's made out
of sponge,
when we
put her in water,
she's gonna grow.
Yeah. It says so
on my box.
I'll show you.
[grunting]
Can I help you?
No. I can do it myself.
Ohh! I can't wait
till I'm bigger.
Yeah. I guess
I do need your help.
See? It says I'm gonna
get bigger right there.
Can we get started,
Doc? Can we?
I want to be big,
and I want to be big
right now.
Hallie,
I need a... glass.
How do you do that?
A hippo always knows.
Ready?
[Lula] So ready.
I don't want to be
the smallest whale anymore.
I'm off to the big time.
Whoo! [laughs]
Here I grow!
Ta-da!
Hey, why is everyone
still so big,
and why am I
still so small?
I-- I didn't grow.
No, you didn't.
I'm sorry.
Oh,
you need a cuddle.
And right now,
you are the perfect
cuddling size.
Thanks, Lambie.
[squeaking]
Oh, don't worry.
No one understands
Squeakers.
I do.
You speak squeak?
I don't know,
but I sure do speak fish.
[chattering]
[squeaking]
Aww. Squeakers
told me I'm perfect
just the way I am.
-More than perfect!
-Smart fish.
Lula, we love you
big or small.
Thanks, Doc.
That means a lot.
I do think we should
give you a checkup
to see why you're
not growing the way
you're supposed to.
Hop on back,
little Lula.
♪ Time for your checkup
Time for your checkup ♪
♪ I'm gonna check your ears
Check your eyes ♪
♪ Find out how much
You've grown ♪
♪ Time for your checkup ♪
♪ I'm gonna listen
to your heartbeat ♪
♪ Fix you up
Ready to go ♪
♪ Time for your checkup ♪
♪ It's okay if you giggle ♪
♪ This will only
Tickle a little ♪
♪ Time for your checkup
Time for your checkup ♪
Lula, we should start
by checking how big
you are now.
You stand up
against the wall,
and Doc makes a line
at your highest point.
[gasps] I'm shrinking!
I'm shrinking!
Um, try this.
Oh! I grew back.
[chuckles]
Okay, Lula.
It's your turn.
There. That's how tall
you are now.
I'll label this line
so we know it's yours.
If we can figure out
how to make you grow,
we'll mark your height
and see how much
taller you are.
Everyone's
so much bigger than me.
Lula, you're healthy,
but you are small
for your kind of toy.
I know,
and I don't like it.
So why am I so small?
I'm not sure.
Sometimes even
the best doctors
have to do
a little research
to figure out
their hardest cases,
and I have an idea
of how to learn
all about you.
What's on there?
Lula's instructions.
If I read them,
I might learn something
that'll explain
what's going on.
[scoffs]
I never read instructions!
I made this bike
without reading any.
Check it out.
Auugh!
Oh, Stuffy.
It says here you have
to wait in the water
before you grow.
I have a diagnosis.
Lula, you have
Wanna-be-big Syndrome,
but as much
as you want to be big,
you're just gonna have to wait
until your body is ready.
I've never been so ready!
I know, but you have
to spend more time
in the water.
Aww. How long?
A couple of hours.
Come on!
What are we waiting for?
Let's get swimming!
Hallie, I need--
Water.
Way ahead of you, Doc.
You really are.
Come on, come on.
I want to get started!
Whee!
I'm just gonna hang out
and wait to grow!
♪ I just want to grow up
Real fast ♪
♪ How long will I fit
In this glass? ♪
♪ It doesn't always
Feel like snap snap ♪
♪ But before you know
You're gonna grow ♪
♪ I want to do things
By myself ♪
♪ I want to reach
The highest shelf ♪
♪ I'm gonna dunk
A basketball ♪
♪ When I get tall ♪
♪ You're little now
But it won't last ♪
♪ Look, you're getting
Squished in that glass ♪
[Doc] ♪ Soon you're gonna
Get big real fast ♪
♪ And before you know
You're gonna grow ♪
Whoa!
Looking good, Lula.
So is it working,
Doc?
I think so, but let's do
a few tests to make sure.
Need a hand getting out?
Nope. I can do it
all by myself.
Whoo-hoo! Come on!
Come on! Hurry up!
I want to know
how much bigger I am!
That's my old line.
Give me a new one, Doc!
Hold still.
I'm bigger.
[gasps] I'm bigger!
I knew it was
too good to last.
Ooh! Congrats, Lula.
Oh,
I'm not done yet.
What do you mean?
I was thinking if I stay
in the water overnight
I'd get to be
super extra big.
We'd better get you
something bigger to wait in,
something
you can grow into.
You read my mind.
I'll be back
in the morning.
[Chilly]
I expect big things.
Bye-bye!
See you guys tomorrow!
Lula, honey?
It's empty!
She's gone.
No, she's not.
Hi, guys!
Wow. You did it!
You're so big.
That a wicked big whale.
Wicked big.
I can't believe it.
I've always wanted
to be big,
and now I am!
You look amazing,
Lula.
I'm really happy
for you.
Me, too!
Being big was definitely
worth waiting for.
Couldn't have done it
without you, Doc.
A big thanks to you.
Really big!
Hey, everybody.
It's Doc here.
When you get tired
and lose your energy,
what should you do?
Should you have a tea party...
[slurp]
take a nap and recharge...
Or play basketball?
Whoa! Unh!
That's right!
You should take a nap!
After you do,
you can zoom into action.